# ```Module 01```

**Header file**: Contains a lot of reuseable chunk of code. We usually import or use these code by declaring those header in C or C++ file. Header files often also said to be built in library of C or C++ programming language.

**main() function**: The main() function of C or C++ is a mandatory function, where compiler start reading or executing.

**function block**: Function wraps various statements and other declarations inside it's body. It usually wraps those code inside the function curly braces.

```
int main()
{
    /// your codes here

    return 0;
}
```

**What "return 0" means?**: return 0 indicates end of main function and successful execution.

Since C or C++ uses bracket based approach to combine it's codes, thus it usually said to be 'curly bracket language'.

**Use of semicolon (;)**: Semicolon indicate ending of a line.

**built in function**: Functions that are packed up with the programming language. Programmer can use those built in by importing it's header. It means, built in functions are reside in header files as various functions. For example:

```
/// stdio.h is header file required to use printf() function
#include <stdio.h>

int main()
{
    /// printf() function shows output in the console or terminal
    printf("Hello World");
}
```

**.h** is the extension for header file.

&nbsp;

## ```Video 1-3```

**Function declaration syntax**

```
return_type function_name(data_type param1, data_type param2)
{

    /// works will be done here

    return (return_type);
}
```

**How to comment?**  
Place two forward slash (/) before any line will make it comment. Comment are ignored by compiler because it doesn't participate in compiling process.

**Why to use comment?**  
Using comment is a good sign of a better programmer and it increases readability. One must use comments to explain what some codes or statements intend to do. For big codebase, there are various industry standard commenting guidline. Such as, **[Google C++ style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html).**

**How to use single backslash (\) to output?**  
Using single backslash is restricted, it is reserved for other uses in C or C++.

```
int main()
{
    printf("\"); // this line will give you an error

    return 0;
}
```

To print two backslash we have to provide one more backslash precede by it.

```
int main()
{
    printf("\\");

    return 0;
}
```

This will only provide one backslash. So, the observation is **to print one backslash we're require to use one backslash precede by it**. As per the observation how can you print three backslash at a time?

<details>
<summary>See the result</summary>

```
int main()
{
    printf("\\\\\\");

    return 0;
}

```

</details>
